c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\BrowserTitledWindow.g.i.cs
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\MainPageSplit.g.i.cs
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\WindowSettings.g.i.cs
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\CrossConnect.g.resources
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Background.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\CrossConnect.dll
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\CrossConnect.pdb
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\CrossConnect.xap
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\CrossConnect.dll
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\CrossConnect.pdb
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.back.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.cancel.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.cancel.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.feature.search.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.feature.search.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.linkto.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.linkto.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.menu.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.menu.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.minus.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.minus.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.next.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.people.1.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.people.1.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.people.2.pressed.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.people.2.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.share.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.share.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.cancel.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.cancel.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.feature.search.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.feature.search.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.linkto.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.linkto.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.menu.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.menu.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.minus.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.minus.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.people.1.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.people.1.rest.pressed.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.people.2.pressed.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.people.2.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.share.rest.png
c:\users\tds.es\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.share.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\AnalyzerFactory.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\BookDriver.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\Bookmark.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\Choice.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\Converter.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\CWLogging.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\Filter.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\GPLMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\GPLMsg_de.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\GPLMsg_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\IndexManager.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\IndexMetadata.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\InstallerFactory.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso3166.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639full.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_de.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_en.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_vi.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_cs.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_de.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_fi.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_fo.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_lt.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_nb.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_nn.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_pl.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_ru.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_vi.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_zh.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_zh_CN.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_de.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_zh.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_zh_CN.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\LGPLMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\log4j.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg_zh.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg_zh_CN.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OSISNames.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2_zh.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2_zh_CN.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\InstallManager.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Lucerne.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Sword.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Lucerne.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Sword.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\DownloadBooks.g.i.cs
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\zip2.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\zip2.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\zlib.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\zlib.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Documents\Visual Studio 2010\Projects\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\SelectBibleBook.g.i.cs
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Background.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\AnalyzerFactory.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\CWLogging.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\GPLMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\GPLMsg_de.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\GPLMsg_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\IndexMetadata.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso3166.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639full.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_de.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_en.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\iso639_vi.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_cs.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_de.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_fi.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_fo.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_lt.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_nb.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_nn.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_pl.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_ru.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_vi.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_zh.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSMsg_zh_CN.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_de.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_zh.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\JSOtherMsg_zh_CN.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\LGPLMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\log4j.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg_zh.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OldMsg_zh_CN.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\OSISNames.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2_fa.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2_in.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2_zh.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\ot1nt2_zh_CN.properties
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\BookDriver.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\Bookmark.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\Choice.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\Converter.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\Filter.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\IndexManager.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\InstallerFactory.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Properties\InstallManager.plugin
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.back.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.cancel.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.cancel.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.feature.search.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.feature.search.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.linkto.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.linkto.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.menu.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.menu.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.minus.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.minus.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.next.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.people.1.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.people.1.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.people.2.pressed.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.people.2.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.share.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\dark\appbar.share.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.cancel.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.cancel.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.feature.search.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.feature.search.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.linkto.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.linkto.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.menu.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.menu.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.minus.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.minus.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.people.1.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.people.1.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.people.2.pressed.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.people.2.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.share.rest.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Images\light\appbar.share.rest.pressed.png
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\CrossConnect.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\CrossConnect.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\CrossConnect.xap
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Lucerne.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Sword.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\zip2.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\zlib.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Lucerne.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Sword.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\zip2.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\zlib.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.xml
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\Bin\Debug\Microsoft.Phone.Controls.Toolkit.xml
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\BrowserTitledWindow.g.i.cs
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\DownloadBooks.g.i.cs
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\MainPageSplit.g.i.cs
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\SelectBibleBook.g.i.cs
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\WindowSettings.g.i.cs
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\CrossConnect.g.resources
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\CrossConnect.dll
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\CrossConnect.pdb
C:\Users\tds.ES\Desktop\CrossConnect\CrossConnect\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
